feat: new reducer convention (#489)
sendbird/sendbird-uikit-react: src/utils/typeHelpers/reducers/README.md

# How to define reducers

Reducers are functions that take the current state and an action,
and return a new state. Reducers are pure functions, which means they
should not mutate the state, but return a new state object

In this project we recommend using minimal external dependencies,

> so we recommend using built in hooks like useState and useReducer

Reviewer: nit;
```suggestion
so we recommend using built-in hooks like useState and useReducer
```

> If the component is simple, you can use useState, but if the component is
> complex, you can move to useReducer and move sideeffects into customHooks

Reviewer: nit; how about this?

```suggestion
You can use useState if the component is simple, otherwise you can move to useReducer and move side effects into customHooks
```
